README.md, before:

# sct-archive
This is an archive containing multiple versions of 'Scratch Cat Tales Engine', including remixes, restorations, unreleased versions, thumbnails and a list of versions.

[Here](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTE%20versions-new.txt) is a file listing every version.

## File listing
- [README.md](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/README.md): This is where you are!
- [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/LICENSE.txt): The license for this repository. It is the same used for Scratch projects shared on the [Scratch website](https://scratch.mit.edu), and it has to be.
- [SCTE versions.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTE%20versions.txt): An old text file from 2024 made to track every Scratch Cat Tales engine beta.
- [SCTE versions-new.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTE%20versions-new.txt): An updated version of <SCTE versions.txt> made for archiving Scratch Cat Tales.
- [things i need to change for scratch cat tales.rtf](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/things%20i%20need%20to%20change%20for%20scratch%20cat%20tales.rtf): An old todo list, writen as a Rich Text Document in Windows WordPad, using the SYSTEM font.
- [heathercat activity.html](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/heathercat%20activity.html): An archived version of [my scratch activity](https://scratch.mit.edu/messages/ajax/user-activity/?user=Heathercat123) due to activity auto-deleting after twelve months.
- [SCTv2 Format](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTv2-format.md): Documents how the levels are encoded

## Folder listing
- [Originals](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Originals/): Original betas downloaded from the [Scratch website](https://scratch.mit.edu)
- [Thumbnails](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Thumbnails/): Project thumbnails for every version
- [Unreleased](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Unreleased/): Contains every unreleased Scratch Cat Tales versions. This is only two revisions of a widescreen mod of v1.0 which I [shared on Heatherhat123](https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/1129394729/) in 2025.
- [Remixes](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Remixes/): Remixes from other users
- [Restored](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Restored/): Restorations based on [remixes](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Remixes/) or [unreleased](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Unreleased/) versions

## Resources used
- [Scratch Cat Tales Collab](https://scratch.mit.edu/studios/33429317/)
- [Scratch Cat Tales Collab activity](https://scratch.mit.edu/studios/33429317/activity)
- [Bare Remix Tree](https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/670082084/remixtree/bare/)
- [Heathercat123's activity](https://scratch.mit.edu/messages/ajax/user-activity/?user=Heathercat123)

Commit message:

Add an updated TODO list and an updated backstory

README.md, after:

# sct-archive
This is an archive containing multiple versions of 'Scratch Cat Tales Engine', including remixes, restorations, unreleased versions, thumbnails and a list of versions.

[Here](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTE%20versions-new.txt) is a file listing every version.

## File listing
- [README.md](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/README.md): This is where you are!
- [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/LICENSE.txt): The license for this repository. It is the same used for Scratch projects shared on the [Scratch website](https://scratch.mit.edu), and it has to be.
- [SCTE versions.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTE%20versions.txt): An old text file from 2024 made to track every Scratch Cat Tales engine beta.
- [SCTE versions-new.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTE%20versions-new.txt): An updated version of <SCTE versions.txt> made for archiving Scratch Cat Tales.
- [things i need to change for scratch cat tales.rtf](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/things%20i%20need%20to%20change%20for%20scratch%20cat%20tales.rtf): An old todo list, writen as a Rich Text Document in Windows WordPad, using the SYSTEM font.
- [TODO.md](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/TODO.md): A newer version of things i need to change for scratch cat tales.rtf, made for this repository.
- [heathercat activity.html](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/heathercat%20activity.html): An archived version of [my scratch activity](https://scratch.mit.edu/messages/ajax/user-activity/?user=Heathercat123) due to activity auto-deleting after twelve months.
- [SCTv2 Format.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/SCTv2-format.md): Documents how the levels are encoded
- [Backstory.txt](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Backstory.txt): An updated version of the backstory featured in the game's credits.

## Folder listing
- [Originals](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Originals/): Original betas downloaded from the [Scratch website](https://scratch.mit.edu)
- [Thumbnails](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Thumbnails/): Project thumbnails for every version
- [Unreleased](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Unreleased/): Contains every unreleased Scratch Cat Tales versions. This is only two revisions of a widescreen mod of v1.0 which I [shared on Heatherhat123](https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/1129394729/) in 2025.
- [Remixes](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Remixes/): Remixes from other users
- [Restored](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Restored/): Restorations based on [remixes](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Remixes/) or [unreleased](https://github.com/heathercat123/sct-archive/blob/master/Unreleased/) versions

## Resources used
- [Scratch Cat Tales Collab](https://scratch.mit.edu/studios/33429317/)
- [Scratch Cat Tales Collab activity](https://scratch.mit.edu/studios/33429317/activity)
- [Bare Remix Tree](https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/670082084/remixtree/bare/)
- [Heathercat123's activity](https://scratch.mit.edu/messages/ajax/user-activity/?user=Heathercat123)
